Mds/device sdk 508649 (#3513)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/authenticators-custom-authenticator/main/ios/notifserviceadminconsole.md

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Security** > **Device integrations**.
2. Click **Notification Services**.
3. Click **Add Notification Service**, then select the option for Apple Push Notification service.
4. Enter the required information:

>    * **Name:** The name displayed for the new notification service in the Admin Console UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Name:** The name that appears for the new notification service in the Admin Console.
```

Author: Done
